README.md, before:

# lucos Transport
A web app for keeping track of public transport, particularly on forms of transport where data connections are highly variable.

## Dependancies
* nodejs
* npm

## Forms of transport currently supported:
* London Underground
* Docklands Light Railway
* London Overground
* London River Bus Services
* TFLRail

## Setup

### Development
To set up the app run:

* ```npm install```
* ```npm run build```
* ```npm start```

### Testing
To run unit tests using [ava](https://github.com/avajs/ava), run:

* ```npm install```
* ```npm test```

## Production

* ```npm install --production```  (or `--only=production` on more recent version of npm)
* ```npm run build```
* ```npm start```

You should also set the following environment variables:
TFLAPPID and TFLAPPKEY - information about TFL's API can be found at https://api-portal.tfl.gov.uk/docs
The app appears to run fine without these being set, but registering for an ID and key helps to keep track of which apps are making which requests to the API.

## Running using docker compose
`TFLAPPID=<id> TFLAPPKEY=<secret> nice -19 docker-compose up -d --no-build`

## Building
The build is configured to run in Dockerhub when a commit is pushed to the master branch in github.

Commit message:

TFL have removed `app_id` from their API calls.  Therefore, we can simplify the environment varibles needed here and just have a single one for `app_key`.

README.md, after:

# lucos Transport
A web app for keeping track of public transport, particularly on forms of transport where data connections are highly variable.

## Dependancies
* nodejs
* npm

## Forms of transport currently supported:
* London Underground
* Docklands Light Railway
* London Overground
* London River Bus Services
* TFLRail

## Setup

### Development
To set up the app run:

* ```npm install```
* ```npm run build```
* ```npm start```

### Testing
To run unit tests using [ava](https://github.com/avajs/ava), run:

* ```npm install```
* ```npm test```

## Production

* ```npm install --production```  (or `--only=production` on more recent version of npm)
* ```npm run build```
* ```npm start```

You should also set the following environment variables:
TFL_KEY - generated here: https://api-portal.tfl.gov.uk/profile
The app appears to run fine without these being set, but registering for a key helps to keep track of which apps are making which requests to the API and increases the limit of requests that can be made.

## Running using docker compose
`TFL_APP=<secret> nice -19 docker-compose up -d --no-build`

## Building
The build is configured to run in Dockerhub when a commit is pushed to the master branch in github.
